hi how about friends of virtus i am sergio
Moreno and in this new video tutorial
We will learn to download and install the
crash team racing game
for your feet for good the game is
in ebook format obviously because it 's from
this genre for fiesp and I weigh
like 290 megabytes is not much and it's
divided into two parts
I repeat is in English and two parts of
290 megs and uploaded to facebook mega
along with all the other games
dedicated to this oversight I do not stop
you this is the last video
so good at lix for others
floors the after command and with one the two the
three the most and good
let us begin
because the first thing we're going to do is
go to the link of the description of
video
well I have it copied and I paste it
simply produces the one click
well let's hope you load the page
obviously you will see two links , but already
I will show how to download it with a single
day
why
good is the same for the two good one
downloaded we have to be 5
seconds
to have this button of those high
advertising that we created this button will
we click
and it's good to start loading what is the
mega page
if they stay stuck in this part
just update the part
the problem of the non -file page
good we will see casting racing 11 I want
part of one 150 megabytes
good they give you download and automatically
to start what is the download
fortunately now I have good here
I have the other link but I do not show them
for reasons of time and it's the same
for the links
well once we have downloaded
both parts
we walk next to my house I have
this folder and we will have casting racing
and in low sergio point part 1 and dice
in the corners 3 megabytes and 270 and 103
megas readers but it will be downloaded separately
between 5 and 10 minutes is not much is very
fast and good what yes next
is with the google run installed
obviously we are going to select the two
parts
of the game and we will give right click
to any of these two and we're going to
give you this file you can bring here
I am a foreigner to know the
writers
on the desk
start what the extraction in this
box I will say that says extracting from
carrandi with forgiveness casting racing good
we have to be here I said until the
up to 100% is something very fast and they go to
extremes
as energy almost ends
and once it's finished extracting us
we go where we are extracted in my
case of desk selection
and we'll have this folder that calls
that the racing and we saw it we will see the
boot a total of 290 black
now the most important thing is the
installation where is this folder this
We have to copy it to the folder
game and sting folder
the easy greeting is great science but if
they know they do not understand it as
could help by facebook or by mixed
that I leave the address of the video
so that if they are going to help
and well that would be all but as
clarification I inform you that if you have a
pack
let's say the m 33 that is called something like that
is going to work or will it work
very bad
I would need to have the Fox Loader
what is a plugin but good has
differences different versions and the
cons work
What I recommend doing is to have him
I tried 10
with version 6.60 I leave a video
on how to do it in the description of
video so good as always
for more like and favorite videos thanks
for coming videos I leave the links in the
video
7 - thank you and see you next time